JS & DV - Website Sync (pt. 2) - July 10
VIEW RECORDING - 60 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/kw5cwrNoFkNgzYqCeM1_GYS3zR2eUSVq

---

0:01 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
So they're straighteners, right? They're of like braces without the braces?

0:04 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Exactly. So they are, well, the real thing is called SureSmile, the one that I'm using, and they are completely invisible. So I have them on right now, and it's literally like plastic trays on your teeth, and it feels real weird. I got them yesterday, so I'm still getting used to them. mean, there's only but so much you can get used to because...

0:30 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Plastic in your mouth?

0:31 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
It's plastic in your mouth, like, and you got to wear it 22 hours out of the day, so... And you talk all day, too. And I talk all day. I was like, you know, I probably should have, like, went this route, like, if I had, like, a remote, remote job, and I didn't have to talk to nobody. But I probably hate that job, because I do like to talk to people, so, you know, it is what it is. Because anytime I had to have a workshop or a talk, I can take them out just for that time frame and to put them back. I can, but that's a lot. So I don't know. I'm going probably just try to learn how to talk with it and still learn how to pronounce everything because saying S-S-C-S, I digress. I digress. Oh, man.

1:20 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Look at the bright side real quick, though. This is the worst it's ever going to be. Exactly.

1:25 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Every time I know this, you're be a little more used to it. Exactly. This is just day two. Well, 363 more days to go. Hopefully.

1:36 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Damn.

1:38 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
But cool. So, yeah, I'm literally, as we're talking, getting the domain. Okay. I wasn't going to say that.

1:46 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
to be like, I saw you hadn't gotten a chance to pick it up yet.

1:49 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Ah, because you can see if you go online to see somebody took it. Yep. Yep. progress. I'm trying to see if it'll let me just get, like, one year because GoDaddy is like... Hey, do three. I'm like, I'm trying to be very budget conscious right now, y'all.

2:04 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
So you don't want to pay. I saw you could buy the dot com if you wanted to. It's for sale.

2:10 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
It was. Well, not like that.

2:13 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
You can. The people who own it are willing to sell it. They want between two and six K for it.

2:20 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
At another time. Yeah. Right. Let it pay. Let it pay for itself. Right. Yeah. Yeah. At another time. At another time, we'll get back. Okay. Let's see. Hold on one sec. Ah, okay. Here we go. This is where I can do the little toggle.

2:39 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
You're doing that through GoDaddy, right?

2:40 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Yep.

2:42 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
All righty. And why does it have two items on here?

2:46 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
I'm confused. Let me remove this from my cart. Because maybe I added that in two times by accident. I don't know how, but. But, okay, while I'm doing that, did you – I know you had, like, more questions, right, that you wanted to kind of ask me? Yeah, I do.

3:09 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
I got – I have several, and I figured we could also get signed up for some of the stuff I need to sign up for today as well. Cool. How much time do we got? Is it a hard 1.30, or is it kind of like 1.30, , 11.30?

3:25 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
I'm good until noon.

3:27 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
But, yeah, you know, I didn't really sleep much last night.

3:30 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Gotcha. Yeah, no, it's not a hard stop. I'm working from home today, so if we go over a little bit, it's fine. Actually, give me one quick second. I got somebody calling me from work. Maybe they didn't mean to call me. They'll call me back. We're good. Sweet.

3:57 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Boy, I've got 50 million.

4:00 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
notes and no pen. How was I writing them? That's no problem.

4:04 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
This is why we buy boxes of pens, just in case. All right, so do you know how to set up Delegate Access on GoDaddy? Not at all.

4:16 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
All right, so worries.

4:20 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Which is easier for you? Is it easier to figure out how to set up Delegate Access on GoDaddy, or would you rather just, I've got a system, I'm going have you give me your usernames and passwords, and I can just put GoDaddy inside of that as well, and you can just give me a username and password. Do you have a preference?

4:37 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
You said you got like a LastPass where you could just get access to it. I could probably just give that to you. All right, give me one second.

4:45 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Mm-hmm. While I'm doing this real quick, for the nonprofit, is that going to be a 501c3? Yes.

5:09 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Okay.

5:09 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
And you already filled out the form 1023?

5:12 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
I haven't filled all that stuff out as of yet. Okay. Because I'm still, I have to, I'm waiting for the, what do you call it, the LLC and everything to come back official, which is supposed to be back by 720. Okay. Mm-hmm.

5:28 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Fun stuff, fun stuff. So is this mainly going to be a you thing for all like the legal sign-offs and everything, or is it going to be, it's like in a group, there's like a bunch of stakeholders, or it's just you? It's just me for right now.

5:44 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Okay. That's what I thought.

5:45 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
When you do the 501, when you get the LLC back, are you going to go straight into doing the Maryland fundraising filing and all that too?

5:53 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Or do you want to? Yeah. I'm sorry. Let me respond to this person from work really quick. You straight? Okay, I'm back. Um, your question was?

7:13 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Um, oh, the Maryland fundraising filing. I'm trying to figure out if it's okay for me to use the word donate a lot on there, or would you rather we stay away from the word?

7:25 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
We're going stay away from it for now. Because the only place I'm probably going to request it, I may actually, just as a quick update, I'm probably not going to use Eventbrite, I'm probably going to use Luma, if you're familiar with that. It's a really dope platform that people use it for events now. And I've used it in the past, it's really good. And then I'm probably going to change it from being 100% free to like, pay what you want. And it's a dollar. So you could do a dollar, or you could do a million dollars if you want to. And that's a donation.

8:00 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Dig it, dig it. Hey, uh, let me invite you to this vault real quick. Which email would you prefer I invite you with?

8:12 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Um, since I have to get the domain first, let me give you my personal email. Okay, ooh, so special. Okay, let's go. There you go.

8:29 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Gotcha.

8:31 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Why does it keep saying my cart is empty? I'm saying I want this in my cart. Okay, I got it. And I'm trying to figure out why my GoDaddy isn't letting me add my domain into the account, I mean, into the cart. Let me just use this other email. Maybe that'll make it easier for myself. Cool.

9:24 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Sorry, one second.

9:25 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Okay. Full domain protection. Sure. Sure. Questions. If I use this domain that I'm currently using, IAMJS.io for my account on GoDaddy, I mean, I'll probably renew it anyway, so never mind. I'll probably just renew it by default because it might just be for my personal consultant or something. Here we go. Send verification. That code is 516088. What are you doing full-time now? This.

10:54 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
I've been doing a lot of web development. Honestly, I've been doing so much web development. That I haven't really even had time to build on my own website, to build on any of my own personal stuff. I got my own CMS that I've been building for myself to manage taking content and passwords and everything else from clients easier. And I'm like 70% of the way through it, and I just can't get it done because I'm trying to get everything else done.

11:20 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Your girl that you gave me, Erica, appreciate that.

11:23 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Yeah, she bought me a client almost immediately. I was like, Justin's the best.

11:29 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
I appreciated you, man. Yeah, man. Always got to connect and collaborate because that's where most of your leads end up coming from. Yeah. From people you know in the beginning at least until you figure out your exact framework on your lead funnel and stuff like that. All right. Where is the card?

11:47 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
I was surprised how many people also, when I was pitching them Shopify and such, people wanted to sell online but were scared of Shopify. They weren't scared to have me code them up like a custom site. But they were like, oh, Shopify, I don't know, that sounds hard. Can't you just make it and manage it? I was like, yeah, we can do that. You don't get inventory management, though. And you're like, that's fine. I'm just trying to sell like, you know, five or ten things online. I don't want to have all that extra complexity. It was very, the market is shocking.

12:19 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
You know, the funny thing, though, is I did try Shopify for my suit business at a time. I did not like the user interface. I navigated in comparison to like how Squarespace and which are just like drag and drop. I was like, ah, this is making it really complicated. You know where that is, right?

12:45 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
It's because Shopify was originally made to compete with Salesforce. So the idea when they were making it wasn't that people like you would ever interact with the Shopify store. It was supposed to be, yeah, that people like you would hire somebody like me and then I would... I'm going to handle everything for you, but you would get to be able to manage, like, the high-level stuff. So once I built everything, then you'd like, oh, I just got to update my inventory or something like that. You can make small changes, but the major stuff I was supposed to do for you.

13:12 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Oh, wow.

13:13 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Yeah, and then they changed it around afterwards, and then they tried to change the narrative too, like, bro, like I wasn't there when you started.

13:22 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Yeah.

13:24 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Well, you learn something new every day.

13:27 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
For sure, for sure. Talk to me.

13:29 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Actually, I'll let you finish that first and then afterwards. We'll go to the next part. Okay.

13:33 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
All right. Not now. No. GoDaddy, I don't need you to make me a website. Not my email. None of that. Okay. I could probably just go to what you call it now so you can get access. Yeah. That's my personal. All right, next, bring the OnePass now. Is there still OnePass, or did they, like, was this completely different platform?

14:32 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
I don't know. I used to use something else called Bitwarden before I switched over to this.

14:38 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
I just confirmed you, by the way, so you should be good. Okay.

14:42 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
And I've been playing with OnePass because it has the login interface bit. This part is kind of new for me. I've been trying to figure out different ways. Ultimately, when I get done building it out and I'm building out my CMS, my clients will never see this part either because this has an API I can look up to, and that'll make it a little bit easier. I hate this. You're going to have to stick with me for a little bit. If you stay with me long enough, you'll get to see what it actually is going look like. Say no more. Okay, so I'm in.

15:09 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
I clicked on GoDaddy. Yeah, so there should be no username and password filled out.

15:14 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
In the top right, do you see where it says edit?

15:17 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Okay, yep.

15:18 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Yeah, so there you can put it on your username and password, all that good stuff.

15:23 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
I'm just going to send this to her. Should just be my email. All right, great. Cool. All right, so I have made it. And since I'm right here, I will make my super base, which I think I actually already have. Sweet. Just confirm. I will say, I do love this age of age.

16:00 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Yeah, met everybody knows a lot of these tech tools that I'm using now are used to before if I talked to somebody and I was like, hey, we're going to use Postgres. People would be like, what the hell is Postgres?

16:10 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Now they're like, oh, yeah, that sounds good.

16:13 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
That's the database, right? Yeah. I'm like, yeah, it is. All right. That saves me 10 minutes of explanation. The CS degree is useless, I see now. No big deal.
ACTION ITEM: Build MVP site: speakers (placeholders), Founder After Hours, no 'donate'; send to Justin - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/kw5cwrNoFkNgzYqCeM1_GYS3zR2eUSVq?timestamp=984.9999

16:22 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Nice. All right. There we go. All right. I got my super base in here now. Now the thing I do need to make is a recent really quick. You can probably ask me the questions that you want to ask me while I'm doing this. Okay.

16:35 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
So first one for the summit, right? Do you want to publicly state on the website who your different speakers are? Or do you want to leave that? Like I can put it up and then do a placeholder for right now. Cause I'm guessing we're still figuring out those details.

16:51 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
But do you want to just have that placeholder for right now?

16:53 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Or do you want that to not at all? Don't even worry about it. Just say, there's going to be speakers. If you do that, you will need me to have.

17:00 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
You wouldn't need me to have all the graphics and stuff, meaning they're bios and headshots and stuff, and the actual graphic itself, because you're not making the graphic, right? The graphic for what?

17:11 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
For like the speakers and such?

17:13 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Yeah.

17:14 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
I mean, I would just, I could go online if you told me who it was, and I'd source an image for them until you gave me an official one.

17:20 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Okay. Something like that.

17:22 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
If there are people who've got online presence, and I'm guessing, knowing how you move, they probably are, I would just also source, like, a bio from them that they have written up on their LinkedIn or whatever, too, until, if they don't like it, you know, change it out that way.

17:35 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So we could, yeah, we could put placeholders for now. Okay.

17:44 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
How, that same?

17:47 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Sorry, question. I logged in a recent with my Gmail, so I just put, like, my Gmail password in here.

17:56 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
I will need your Google Workspace, but no. First, go to Resend, and then there should be a section in there that's like, um, forgot password. Okay. Hire that, and that'll send an email link to you that'll, um, let you add in a new password after you reset.

18:12 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Okay, cool. Yeah, welcome to Resend. Great. sent email from Google when this happened. All right. Um, all right, so I'll log out, log back in, or like you said, hit the forget password. Okay, my bad. You can, uh, keep going with the questions. Okay.

18:43 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
By the way, I meant to say real quick. I thinking about your suit business. I spent some time doing some research on you over the past 48 hours, because I was trying to figure out who I was writing for. You didn't tell me you did a suit for the mayor. You don't be talking much, man.

18:55 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
That's cool. That's cool as hell. You know, I fought, in short, I fought so hard to not get away from that identity, but in Baltimore, when you're known for something, it's gonna stay with you for life. So, when I'm in Howard County, I'm like, I don't even talk about none of that stuff, because this is my domain of what I'm doing now. Because if I walk through Baltimore, you're the suit guy. I'm like, I am. Yeah. Yeah, I guess. You should hear about my new stuff, though.

19:33 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
You know, I'm not even taking new people for the suits no more.

19:36 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Exactly. Go ahead and kill that. Exactly. All right, here we go. A reset password for the next one. Lisa, I did my research. I did some reading around.

19:47 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
You weren't hard to find.

19:48 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Yeah.

19:52 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
You are gonna have to tell me later on what picture you want of you on here, just because while it's still in its infancy. I sourced one or two. Don't ask me where I got them from. I forgot. I was scrolling through one of the articles written about you or something. And I was like, oh, that's a good picture. So I just downloaded one. You'll see it when I give the thing. Cool.

20:11 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Yeah, that's fine. I got so many different shots. I really don't be caring which one it is. I figure also if you do, that's an easy edit.

20:20 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Like when you see it, that's the thing. You'd like, no, not that one. This one. I'd like, all right. Right.

20:25 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
So I've got the I got the GoDaddy Superbase and I updated the recent password and now I just need the Google Workspace. Now, should I log into my current Google Workspace for IAMJS and get the can I get another domain inside of that? Make a new account. You don't want to do that.

20:48 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
You want to make a new account for for this, for Ventric and make that with that. Because when we start moving forward, you don't want any confusion with that domain and you'll want it to have. It's own authority with Google and its own relationship and everything else. You want all that to be separate. Valid.

21:06 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Okay.

21:07 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Let's talk to me real quick about the founder after hours and how much do you want to reference that as we're doing this? Because right now in my mind, the way I'm building out or I'm starting to sketch up the site, I was working on last night, I had the summit and then I had the mastermind. And then I started to put in the founder after hours as like almost a build out from the summit. it's like, you know, August 10th, the summit, right? And then founder after hours kind of like coming in. But I didn't know if you wanted that mentioned at all. If you're like, hey, don't say nothing to nobody when I'm ready to start talking about it. That's when we'll bring it in. So I wanted to get some clarity on that.

21:46 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
start talking about it now. So that way people kind of get familiar with it. In short.

21:53 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Yeah. After the summit and the.

22:00 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Mastermind, right?

22:01 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Do those two things converge and lead into something else for Ventric? That's like the bigger cohort, three pillars with the funders and everything else thing? Are these two colliding into something else?

22:16 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Yeah, right now, no, because those are the two big things. So the way that the rhythm is set up, you have your mastermind for the fall, you have the mastermind for the spring, you have the summit in the summer, and then the rest of the year is primarily just programming and events that are happening. If you are a member of Founder After Hours. As a of fact, let me show you something really quick. Drive. Where's my drive? There we go. Well, have to uninstall it on my... All right, well, while it's downloading, let me share my screen. I think for this next year, I'm going to have everybody else talk. I'm not going to be a talker. Next year, I'll have the best speech anyone has ever heard that I've been working on for an entire year. I should just plod it out.

23:06 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
You're sitting around basically in jail working on the next day out.

23:10 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Exactly. Okay. All right. That's loading. Give me one second. I'm basically pulling up like my programming plan for the remainder of the year for IAMJS, for Ventric. Okay. So this is essentially the – what can I zoom out? There we go. I can zoom out a little bit. This is the remaining programming. Now, granted, a lot of this you'll see is the cohort broken down for every single week. Now, just think of the cohort just like – Wait, wait. I'm sorry.

23:48 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Slow down. What am I – look – this is the schedule.

23:52 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Yeah, this is the schedule. Got it.

23:54 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Okay, cool. was going to ask you about this later on. Keep going. Okay, now I'm caught up. Go ahead. Yep.

23:58 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
So as you can see right here This is all primarily the summit in August. And then anything after that, you'll see that Founder After Hours starts here. But granted, the Founder After Hours in-person events are only available. Actually, scratch that. All Founder After Hours events, virtual or in-person, are in the community. So you don't even have to promote them publicly unless it's just shown to say, like, hey, this is what you're missing out on inside the community. If we want to go that far. But outside of that, the only other thing that's running publicly that I'll be posting is how to run a profitable business. And that happens, is it once a month or once every other week? September 28th, October 12th. Yeah, so how to run a profitable business runs twice a month. And that's basically like a lead funnel for people to join that Founder After Hours community.

24:59 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Yeah. I was starting to put together on the page, on the summit page, I was thinking about, like, you did me, right? And I know you're not online courses in that manner, but in most events that I've gone to, it'll tell you at a high level, like, hey, this day, this thing. The same thing you did, like, when we had the accelerator, that same sort of thing of, like, you know, this day leads into this thing, which leads into this thing, which leads into this thing, this thing, right?

25:29 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
There's two.

25:29 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
I think that, and now I know you have this written up. You can clearly see the value of that, too. Yeah.

25:34 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Do you think it's better?

25:36 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Would you mind sharing that document with me, and then I could use that and extrapolate and put that on there? Or you could write up a separate thing yourself if you're, like, if you feel a type of way and you want to, like, keep that separate and then use it over to me.

25:49 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
No, that's not a big deal. I could share it. I just didn't write down each of the sessions in detail. I had those on separate files, but this could be just, like, a good point of reference for you right now. Out. Out. Remind me, what is, oh no, here we go, Derrick at DigitalDog.io. I just shared it with you. Oh, thank you.

26:17 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Yeah.

26:19 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
I forgot that with Google Workspace, when you're an actual nonprofit, you can get this for free. Yeah, you can. But I guess I can update that later. Yeah. Hopefully. Okay.

26:33 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Yeah, Google has a whole bunch of stuff to you when you get it for free. Though not Firebase and not damn Google Ads, and that sucks.

26:41 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
That's bad.

26:42 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Okay, bad. Question also. In your mind, why would you say this exists? If you were just going to like just brain vomit at me for a second, what were you thinking when you were like, I want to do this?

26:56 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
This is to improve the quality of life for places. That need economic development to what's the term specifically? What's the opposite of a third world country? I forgot what it's called. First world, primary, world power.

27:14 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Something like that.

27:15 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
But basically, I want to, and I want to call it like third world country because we're talking about counties, we're talking about cities, we're talking about globally. Any place where they need economic growth to improve the quality of life for families is essentially my MO. And so making that quality of life better looks literally through, for my lens, is through entrepreneurship, investment, and education, specifically in the entrepreneur space.

27:50 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
All right, website aside for a second. Notes aside. Question, why do it this way? Why do it through training? Why not try to do it through the means of having... Ownership. You personally having ownership of you buying businesses and then employing people that way, working it backwards. Because most people aren't built for this. 10% of people, 10% of the population is built for this.

28:11 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Yeah.

28:11 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
And most of them can't stick it out. Exactly.

28:14 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
So for me specifically, I think I told you when I was like 21, I wrote out a mission statement which said, do what's right with strength and integrity to assist those who want to inspire the masses. Jesus, it's lisp. Yeah. And that means I'm here to support the leader's leader. And yes, I could build a multi-million dollar, billion dollar brand myself. But if I can help 10 to 20 leaders that will change the world, they will go so much further than just me. If I can pour into those 10 global leaders that can make that global economic impact, they can touch a lot more people than I could. And so that's my synopsis on how it happens. Granted. By default, if I help 10 global leaders, I will probably be a big deal in itself, whatever. But I know that my legacy will last longer if I put it into others versus it being like, Justin, it's the deal. If that makes sense. It does make sense.

29:21 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
I get that.

29:25 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Oh, perfect. Free try. 14 days. I'll take that. Remind me, the way, back to work mode.

29:33 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
The founder after hours, is that going to be free to join on school? Or is that going to have a cost?

29:38 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
That's going to have a cost. It's going to be $39 a month for the digital component, like resources, some of the virtual sessions, access to the community to connect with one another, access to all the different grants and funding opportunities available, office hours with mentors. The part that's going to be upwards to $100. Maybe 89, it's going to be the 89 or like 99 or whatever. It's an in-person experience where every single month you come out to a specific location and actually do the production implementation part that I've talked about. So that includes the in-person events. And I guess to give you an even further in-depth understanding of it, we're going to have chapters in different areas and communities. So this is going to be – I'll have some – I'm actually talking to somebody later that I want to lead like the Baltimore chapter because they're heavily ingrained in loving what Baltimore does and represents. Because I want these events to still be – I want 100 people at them. I want 15 to maybe 25 or 30 max. And so I won't want to be able to be here. Baltimore, D.C., Chicago, Atlanta. Where do black folk at? I was to say, the only way. Detroit, New York, Cali, Texas, like, wherever I see the demand for this is where I want a chapter place. So that way, again, it's not me leading it, it's more so me giving ownership to the community that's on the ground. So that way, they know what they want, they know what they need, there's a template. But again, it's up to the people to make it great. the beginning, I'm going to be present and available to, like, pioneer it. But after that, I want it to just be, the community is driving it the entire time.

31:38 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Tell me a bit about how you're marketing this. Is your plan with, I know, when we talked before about marketing, you're really big into partnerships, and you already know people who are doing stuff. Is that your primary way of planning to market this? Is that you're going to connect with different groups of people who already have groups? I know you're big on social media, so I'm sure that's going to be a part of it. Talk to me a little bit about that strategy.

32:00 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
So that's a great question. This is very tricky because I can't make myself a really big deal publicly because of what I do full time. So there's going to be a lot of digital. And I would say, depending on what organizations, there was going to be partnerships as well, too. But my full time role requires me to be in a lot of partnerships. So I can't intertwine those right now. So my best bet at this current moment is going to be by leveraging my speakers. So when I have speakers, they're the deal. They're being promoted. Their network is going to see it. They will hop on and do a session that's available, let's say, publicly. The recording will be available. in the after-hours community. So they want to get the playback, but not just the playback, but all these other different things, it's available there. So I'm really, I'm low-key building in stealth, is what they call it in the tech world. But it's hard to be stealth when it's a community. So I have an answer, but it's still like delicate and TBD in a sense. Okay, I got you. That answers that well enough.

33:32 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
mean, more I was thinking like, I was wondering how loud, are you printing flyers, that type of stuff? And to a degree, honestly, you can, you just can't like, you know, slap a picture on it when you do it. Yeah, that's also very true.

33:46 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
But yeah, not flyers, necessarily. I do have like, one thing that I'm noticing will probably be like a big thing, is being connected to HBCUs. So, I think the last time I talked, did I talk? I talked to her at the end of the day. There's some HBCUs that actually want to just get access to my events and just share with all of their graduates or students, which may be my gateway, because at the MIC, we don't really engage with students. So that might be my opportunity to say, hey, this is a different lane that I'm focused on. We are focused on these people. So there's no conflict right here. So if it takes off in any shape, way, or form that I anticipate it to, it'll probably be through the medium of the younger generation, more so than anything.

34:38 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
The businesses that you're targeting for Ventrix, and I'm wrapping this up, by the way, on you right now. Are you more focused on, I don't want to forward this properly. Are you more interested, is Ventrix's ideal customer more likely to be a business that's online, like mine and DigitalDog? Where we're primarily, all of our stuff is SaaS-based, internet-based, that type of stuff, or are you more focused on people who have brick and mortars? Either they're acquiring them, or they already have them, or they have interest in acquiring them. Which one of those two do you lean more towards?

35:17 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
It is, give you a better kind of glimpse. It's more so a, sorry, getting the go daddy on the workspace. The worst? Service-based businesses and social enterprises. Okay, so I'll give you a couple of layers. Right now, currently, service-based, and what did I just say right after that? Service-based and social enterprises, which usually allude towards a nonprofit. Okay, so number one is service. The second tier, once I understand it more, will be nonprofit, which is a social enterprise. And then the last level will be... Once I'm no longer where I'm at right now, I can publicly talk about being a space for tech organizations. I can't do that right now because that is in direct conflict of interest of what I'm doing right now. So, yeah, because ultimately, again, the end goal is I want to be able to fund these businesses and I want to do it from a VC realm. And so that's usually around the tech startups. But that's going to take time to get there because of the conflicts. So right now, to answer the question, it's service. It could be brick and mortar. It could be digital. Physical products are not my super strong point because I never sold that. I sold physical products, but it was an upsell from my service of making custom suits. So I can't really speak to that in depth, like inventory management and all those different things that come with that. Can you give me an example of what you mean when you say service?

36:56 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
like, you mean, yeah, give me like two examples.

37:01 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
All right, so let's see. If we take my cohort that I just graduated, we had a marketing, a digital media organization. So they did like social media marketing, storytelling, shooting content. We had an insurance broker. We had a nonprofit that helped develop programming for youth and men. We had a credit repair company as well, too. An example could be someone like you as well, too. My wife's organization, New Momish, which helps women do postpartum pregnancy at all things, motherhood, putting under different resources and services. So anything that doesn't have a physical product is really like the best expression of what I can kind of say, if that helps out a little bit more. So because the goal is long term, like very long term, I want to have. Tracks for every type of business. Again, so non-profit, for-profit, and breaking it down, service, physical products, tech. Then you can jump over here and you can talk about like supporting the government space and that name sounds familiar, et cetera, et cetera. Because this is like, this is economic development, global economic development. I want to be able to, oh, that's what I want, government as in like policy reform for businesses and everything like that. All those things will be captured in here, but I know I can't start that wide. So I'm starting off with service, social enterprise. Got it. Last one.

38:43 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
What's your suspected age range? know you just said a second ago that there's a certain part of it that's going to be targeted a bit towards younger. But when I was reading your stuff and thinking earlier, it sounded to me like people who are more in their 40s and 50s, people who are kind of like, they've done some stuff, they've worked, they might have started their own business and failed. That's me, Sam. It's bit more like age range, but tell me what you were thinking. So talk about ideal, by the way, not necessarily with the conflict that you're trying to manage, the Justin side of it, just like strictly ventricle on its own. Okay.

39:17 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Ideally, I want, I love that you, I would say between like 20 to 35. Yeah. They're hungry. They have a drive. They have a passion. They aren't afraid of innovation. They aren't afraid of taking the risk. By the time you get towards 35, you had some experience in this workforce, which makes it even better. Some track record credibility. But when you go all the way down to 20 year old, I just, I know the relationships I'm able to build at that level. They're hungry. They're talented. They have a lot to offer. And I, I resonate with them a lot, especially when I talk to them every single day.

40:05 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, it. That answers most of my questions, which is dope. I'll have more, but right now, in terms of just trying to get out the good MVP for this, this has been bomb as hell. oh, there, that prompt that you, that piece that you sent me for Claude before, right? I was reading that over. That was, you made, hang on, me pull it up. Not that tab. Where are you?

40:49 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
There it is.

40:50 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Yeah, there's a brand brief that you've made, right?

40:54 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Right now.

40:56 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Can I get that whole... Prompt that you had when you made that brand brief. Sure.

41:06 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Isn't that in the thread itself?

41:09 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
No, in the thread you sent me, it starts with the brand brief is already ready. And you took that and now you're ideating on it and everything else and you're starting to run it down.

41:21 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Gotcha. Let me see where did I put it. Logo. Okay, there we go. Why do I not have it start? Let's see. Oh, that's right, because I made that on, oh, I got to remember which, which. So I would have to find it somewhere in my other folder because I genuinely don't remember exactly where I just got this from. Maybe I can just ask Claude, hey, which chat did I get my brand new from?

42:25 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
You know, there's a search feature, right? You can choose a search feature. Yeah, and I tried that.

42:30 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Let me try it again. Because the search feature isn't the greatest. No, it's not. It's got to be exactly like what it says.

42:45 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Oh, I forgot. I need your Stripe info. I knew there was something I was forgetting to put on this joint. Okay.

42:50 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
I'll add it to the one password. Okay. Is it an artifact at least? It's probably not because it's just a PDF.
ACTION ITEM: Email Justin Luma API docs - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/kw5cwrNoFkNgzYqCeM1_GYS3zR2eUSVq?timestamp=2608.9999 I will keep looking for it.

43:39 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Oh, yes. Okay, cool. I've never worked with this Luma before, but Luma has an API. So let me get that to you.

43:46 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Perfect. Yeah, Luma is real good. This will be a new one for me. Yeah, I've seen it like every now and then, but when I see it, I'm like, this is... And you can even build out your own newsletters and email campaigns and stuff directly through there as well, too. It has a lot of different features. Is it expensive? Doesn't cost anything.

44:15 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
What? What?

44:17 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Yep, exactly. I think there is a, you can upshot, they have like a paid version, but yeah, premium, but.

44:25 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Unlimited number of events, unlimited number of guests for events. Yep.

44:31 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
SMS for free?

44:32 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
How are they doing this, bro? Got to be the mob. What?

44:41 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Where is this? If I were to build this, where would I put it? Okay, it looks like my Gmail is activated and ready now for Ventrix. Let me try to log in. Yep, yep, it is ready. There we go. Why does that have a little exclamation? Phone number. Sure, I understand.

45:40 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
I've got to reach out to this development team. How did they do this for free? Dude, I'm building a volunteer app myself right now, a volunteer management app. And I was doing the numbers for it, and I was trying to decide if I wanted to add in SMS messaging so nonprofits could coordinate with their volunteers via text message. From the portal, right? The biggest problem was the fact that doing that alone made my budget go by about an additional 60%. And I was like, you know, yeah. So, you know, you had to ask yourself how necessary is SMS for an MVP, but they forgot a way to do SMS for free.

46:19 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
What? They may be venture-backed. They, yeah. You know. I can't get into that mindset.

46:27 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Even, like, even having funders, money burned for me like that. Yeah. whole market acquisition is... Yeah.

46:35 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
It's not for the pain of heart. I was just listening to one of... I don't remember what I was listening to, but they were talking about how with MailChimp, the whole reason they were able to do what they were able to do was because they offered free emails all the way up until you get to, like, $3,000 or $5,000. And that's how they basically just dominated the market and how into Was able to just do the acquisition of it for like a billion something dollars because they were the only ones on the market that did it like that. And so maybe they're using that same framework for Luma, maybe.

47:14 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Yeah, literally, that's what they're doing. I'm reading Sam Walton's book right now about how he made Walmart. And it's later the same thing he was talking about. He was doing in the 60s and 70s where the whole goal was he would drive halfway across the country, buy bikinis, and then turn around and drive back to Arkansas. And then sell them at cost. And he put those bikinis up front and sell them super cheap because he's like, if I can get women to come in and shop with me when they get to the back of the store, it doesn't matter if the rest of them markup's in there because they already got stuff in their cart. And I'll just undercut everything that way. Working for a company called Ben Franklin at the time when he figured that out. Got that piece down and quit and was like, I'm going to start my own thing.

47:54 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Wow.

47:55 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
I mean, it's a strategy that works. It's just, you know.

48:00 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
It makes me uncomfortable. makes me uncomfortable.

48:02 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
I didn't come from money enough to be comfortable, like, burning money like that, you know, value of a dollar and such. Exactly.

48:09 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Exactly. Got to work your way there mentally. Mentally. Mentally.

48:14 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Okay. Oh, did I find it?

48:16 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Did I find it? Did I find it? Nope. Or is this the same? But I did add the, you leaving, bud? See you later, bud. Let's see if it's showing in one password. Oh, I need to log in. Here. Okay. Thank Bye. Wait, so. Just one more. This is going to be a thing. know it. If I. I already know this.

48:48 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
right.

48:50 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
This is going to be interesting. Where's our workspace? Okay, so here is that, but is that how I log into my, you can let me know if it works or not. I'm putting the Ventric Google Workspace on here. I don't know if it's on my personal email or with the business email now that I've made it, but it should work now. Okay, and then you want the Luma. I should create a new Luma. Luma, this.com, I thought it was AI. Okay. All right, Fathom, oh, wait, no, I need to do it with my email for you, like, uh, smart features, I'm not worried about this right now, guys, excuse me, turn on smart features and just keep it moving, all right, there we go. At this point, I have so many emails.

51:06 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Yeah, it gets ridiculous. Emails and bank accounts, both those two can get out of hand so fast.

51:13 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
So quick. That is made at that end. Not bad. I got a question unrelated to this work thing. For Ventric.

51:33 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
So I want to buy a laundromat.

51:35 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
It's part of my two-year goal, right?

51:38 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
I don't want a – my goal is I want a big one, like 100 units, 100 washers, 100 dryers. But I don't want to start there because that's like a $1.4 million acquisition. And frankly, that type of acquisition scares me without a lot of knowledge in the field. So I've already joined a – what do you call Like a group of laundromat owners, they meet up once a quarter, and then they all just kind of talk and have speakers and all that type of stuff, right? And my mindset was I was going to join that, be part of that for about six months or so into next year, probably Q2 of next year. Start really trying to funnel some of those relationships, find somebody who's been doing it for about 20 years or so. Wonder if they'd be willing to hop on my board, and then with that and hopefully around an investor plus some considerable buy-in for myself, try to buy a laundromat at hopefully an acquisition price of $500,000 to $750,000, give or take, something that can generate enough money that I can owner-operate it but then have enough room in the budget to hire somebody else out after I get it running and step out, right? Is Vintrick for me?
ACTION ITEM: Email Derrick intro to Sharif re: laundromat acquisition - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/kw5cwrNoFkNgzYqCeM1_GYS3zR2eUSVq?timestamp=3179.9999

52:55 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
For the people that I would bring to you, as in like the speakers and the... The people that have specialized in certain things. So the person, I mean, I think you already met him from my cohort at work, my friend Sharif. You were there, right? Yeah. He does that type of stuff all the time. So I would connect you with him. Now, think of, I mean, honestly, putting in the easiest terms possible, what the Maryland Innovation Center is physically, I am digitally all over the place. So even if I don't have a full, I may have a component where, matter of fact, put it best like this. If there's a need that's shown consistently, like someone is so interested in business acquisition in the sense of that, I would start to develop programming around that. But I find other people that talk about that frequently, because I want to do this in different counties, different states, and I can get the funding from those from the council. Excuse me, the political figures in the area based off of whatever their priorities are in that time frame. So in short, Astrich in great detail?
ACTION ITEM: Draft and email Derrick one-time bundle proposal - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/kw5cwrNoFkNgzYqCeM1_GYS3zR2eUSVq?timestamp=3251.9999 No. But would you be able to find the network that will give you access to all the different things you need through Ventric? Yes.

54:22 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Is there a pathway with Ventric where I could do some sort of like a one-time payment or some sort of a bundle payment where I'd be like, hey, you know, I give you $750,000. , sorry.

54:43 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
I'm too comfortable with you. I swear I'm not. I can make it right now. Whatever. Yep, man, that sounds great. What are you about to say? I love it.

54:51 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
No, like $7,500 or so. I'm thinking too many thoughts. Like $7,500 or so. And like I would have access to a bundle of things. Is that like something that Ventric would offer or like, hey, I get, you know, these, I get the mastermind, I get the summit, I get the founder after hours, and your next three things, I also get to sign up with that. Because I see you building this tiered learning system, and I see you also setting up with the, as you're talking about right now, with the venture capital, with everything else. And for someone like me, for example, who, the laundromat business for me would be separate from everything else, separate from DigitalDog, separate from all the other stuff. But it's a business of its own, and I'm business-minded. Each one of my businesses is their own baby. They all validate their own thing. My one doesn't pay for the other, right? So the laundromat business by itself, I would want to go through all those separate tiers as it takes to go through it with my own things on the side. And just, because it's a time thing, you know, like the business fight. To finally get the laundromat business done, it's going to take me about four years or so. Two years of getting my money on the ground, getting the cash, getting everybody to want to buy in, and then you got to find it, right? And you got to find it in your area. not living in Arkansas. I'm sorry. Like, so, you know, I'm willing to have the time. So I'd be willing to do the investment, knowing that this is going to have a step to it, because I already have to put in time anyway. So I'd be willing to step with you over time to do that. But I don't want to keep paying you, to be honest. Especially because, like, I'm a piece of family, you know, I'm a business owner. I can hit a big contract tomorrow and have cash, and then six months from now, I'd like, wow, none of those grants fanned out. That's crazy. We back to working the old damn Rolodex again. That's wild.

56:41 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
know?

56:41 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
So consider something like that as an option, because that would interest me. Yeah, absolutely.

56:51 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
I think that is actually a great idea that I would actually strongly consider. Because there is a point in Ventric, though, where, you know, Ventric is a nonprofit focused on those, on everything we've kind of talked about. But there will be a time where somebody's like, okay, congratulations. There's an end point for somebody in Ventric, where it's like, I got what I needed, et cetera, et cetera. Now what? But now what is on my for-profit side, where you may have that very direct coaching, consulting support at a higher level. It's like, I can meet with my advisor. We can build out the blueprints, all these different things, bring in all those different resources. So it's going to be layered. So like in the venture capital space and then the consulting space probably converge. So there's going to be Ventric, the nonprofit, and then Ventric Ventures. And that may have the two wings of consulting and venture capital. The consulting component will be able to help at a grander scheme as far as like the nuances. Bringing in the resources, all those different things for established organizations and companies that essentially graduated from Ventric, the nonprofit. So to answer your question, yes, I will a thousand percent consider what you just said because I love that. And then when somebody's done with Ventric, they can graduate to the next level, which may be down the line. That might be like six-figure consulting support that's a retainer for optimization in the part where they've already started scaling, like $750,000.

58:42 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
When you get done writing that part up, not implementing it just because I'm imagining at some point you're going to put that pen to paper. Does anybody really write?

58:51 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Keyboard, whatever.

58:52 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Do mind shooting me that email when you just kind of put that together? I would love to read how you write that. Yeah, I got you.

58:59 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Okay.

59:00 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
I bet. I got a call at 12, so we ran up on it. Thank you. This answered all my questions. I got most of the logins. was able to get into GoDaddy. The last one is just the Stripe bit, whenever you get a chance on that one.

59:13 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Yes, and I'm doing that right now.

59:16 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
You'll hear from me again on Wednesday. That'll be when I will have something tangible to show you, and then we'll talk then. We don't actually have to plan to schedule a call on Wednesday. don't know if you have time, but that'll be the next time you can expect an email from me with an update of everything, as far as I've understood it, and you'll have something you can actually look at.
ACTION ITEM: Schedule Wed check-in w/ Derrick - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/kw5cwrNoFkNgzYqCeM1_GYS3zR2eUSVq?timestamp=3575.9999 Okay.

59:39 - Justin Shaw (IAMJS)
Perfect, man. I really appreciate you. I just connected Stripe. You got to hop on your call. I will find some time on Wednesday for us to connect. Appreciate you, man. man.

59:52 - Derrick Valentine (DigitalDog)
Talk to you later. Peace.
